"Okay, this is Tashi Deleg."
"Okay, first I will start. Now we begin. We begin."
"Steady?"
"First bar, bar, bar, because Tashi has bar, bar before. This bar is perfect. Bar, now bar.
Now I'm going to write a "ka." Again, begin with this "ka" like first appropriate to be it.
Now you turn this, and now you're going to make this "reta," this way.
Then you're going to turn slowly this, so that's it.
And then now this is the division, that "cha," that we're following.
And then now I'm going to write "cha."
This again, this, and then this, then this, then this. "Cha," this is a little long, again you
break this.
And now you're going to create another kind of like this, connected to here.
So this now becomes "cha." Now Tashi has "ta-shi," "ss," we call it "ini."
So now I'm going to put again "sa."
"Sa," "ta-shi."
And now I'm going to put "shi," this is "gugu," "ta-shi," "ini-cha-ai."
And now I'm going to put "gugu," so this, this one, this, this.
And now this is the division line, this is the division mechanism.
And now I'm going to write the "deh-leh." The "deh-leh" has two words, "ba" and "da."
So now first I'm going to write "pa."
"Pa," again, this, this, this, so "pa" there.
And now this is "ta," I'm going to write "ta."
And now "ta" there, like this has a "i," "i," "ini-cha-ai" again.
And so I'm going to put "dungo," "dungo."
And so this is division mechanism.
And now I'm going to put "la," because I can't fit here, because "la" has,
"la" has "ta-shi," "deh-leh," "la" has three words, so it's long.
And first the "la" is "la," "el" like.
And so now, again, "la" and this,
third, and now this, and then "ka," "ka," now I'm going to.
"ka," and then "ka," "sa," then this.
And now this has the "deh-leh," again, "i," "dungo," "deh-leh," so "ta-shi" "deh-leh," huh?
Thank you.
"Ta-shi" "deh-leh," and this is, is post, is post word is "tra,"
second word is "shi," third word is "deh,"
and fourth word is "leh."
And so what this means, Rachidiah, now,
and we say "tra," every kind of word by word, and we start saying "tra,"
"tra" means "brilliant," "clay," "brilliant."
"Shi" is "ashpishos," so "brilliant," "clay,"
every kind of translator, exactly word by word.
So "brilliant," "ashpishos," or the very "clay,"
"radiatic," "ashpishos."
"Deh" is what? "Comfortable."
"Leh" is "good."
"Deh" is "happiness," "peace."
"Deva," "Deva" is "happiness," "peace," "blessfulness," all that.
So "deh" and "leh" is "good."
So "brilliant," "ashpishos," "blessfulness," "of goodness."
That's it. And then, that's it.
It's a "tachideleh" in the debate.
There's no, like, good morning, good afternoon,
evening, good night, and always it's "tachideleh," "tachideleh."
You can say it all day, "tachideleh."
That's it.
What language does this way of writing come from?